!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
ASSERT	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int ASSERT  = 0;$/;"	f	class:Log
Action	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Action.java	/^public interface Action {$/;"	i
AndroidConfiguration	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidConfiguration.java	/^public class AndroidConfiguration {$/;"	c
AndroidDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public AndroidDisplay(Context context) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
AndroidDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^public class AndroidDisplay $/;"	c
AndroidInputManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    public AndroidInputManager(AndroidDisplay display) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidInputManager
AndroidInputManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^public class AndroidInputManager extends InputManager {$/;"	c
AndroidLogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public AndroidLogSink() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
AndroidLogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public AndroidLogSink(int level) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
AndroidLogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^public class AndroidLogSink extends LogSink {$/;"	c
AndroidOpenGlEs	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^public class AndroidOpenGlEs implements OpenGl {$/;"	c
AndroidSettings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public AndroidSettings(Context context, String name) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
AndroidSettings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^public class AndroidSettings implements Settings {$/;"	c
AssetLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    public AssetLoader(AssetManager assetManager) {$/;"	m	class:AssetLoader
AssetLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^public class AssetLoader implements ResourceLoader {$/;"	c
C	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^public class C {$/;"	c
Console	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public Console() {$/;"	m	class:Console
Console	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public Console(String toggleKey) {$/;"	m	class:Console
Console	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^public class Console$/;"	c
ConsoleCommand	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^public class ConsoleCommand implements Action {$/;"	c
DEBUG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int DEBUG   = 4;$/;"	f	class:Log
DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL = Log.INFO;$/;"	f	class:LogSink
DEFAULT_MODE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    private final int DEFAULT_MODE = Context.MODE_PRIVATE;$/;"	f	class:AndroidSettings	file:
DEFAULT_REPEAT_DELAY	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_REPEAT_DELAY = 2;$/;"	f	class:Console
DEFAULT_TOGGLE_KEY	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_TOGGLE_KEY = "GRAVE";$/;"	f	class:Console
Display	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^public interface Display {$/;"	i
ERROR	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int ERROR   = 1;$/;"	f	class:Log
FRAGMENT	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^        VERTEX, FRAGMENT$/;"	e	enum:Shader.Type	file:
FRAGMENT_SHADER	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^        FRAGMENT_SHADER$/;"	e	enum:Resource.Type	file:
FileResource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public FileResource(Type type, String fileName, ResourceLoader loader)$/;"	m	class:FileResource
FileResource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^public class FileResource implements Resource {$/;"	c
FrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameEndedListener.java	/^public interface FrameEndedListener {$/;"	i
FrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameListener.java	/^public interface FrameListener$/;"	i
FrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameStartedListener.java	/^public interface FrameStartedListener {$/;"	i
GL_ARRAY_BUFFER	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_ARRAY_BUFFER = 0x8892;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT = 0x00004000;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_COMPILE_STATUS	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_COMPILE_STATUS = 0x8B81;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_CULL_FACE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_CULL_FACE = 0x0B44;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_CULL_FACE_MODE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_CULL_FACE_MODE = 0x0B45;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_DEPTH_TEST	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_DEPTH_TEST = 0x0B71;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_FALSE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_FALSE = 0x0;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_FLOAT	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_FLOAT = 0x1406;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_FRAGMENT_SHADER	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_FRAGMENT_SHADER = 0x8B30;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_LINK_STATUS	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_LINK_STATUS = 0x8B82;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_STATIC_DRAW	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_STATIC_DRAW = 0x88E4;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_TRIANGLES	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_TRIANGLES = 0x0004;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_VALIDATE_STATUS	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_VALIDATE_STATUS = 0x8B83;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
GL_VERTEX_SHADER	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    static final int GL_VERTEX_SHADER = 0x8B31;$/;"	f	interface:OpenGl
Game	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^public abstract class Game {$/;"	c
GameActivity	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^public abstract class GameActivity extends Activity {$/;"	c
GameContext	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
GameContext	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext(Console console, Display display, Game game,$/;"	m	class:GameContext
GameContext	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^public class GameContext {$/;"	c
GameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    public GameEngine(GameContext context) {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine
GameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^public class GameEngine {$/;"	c
GameThread	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^    public GameThread(GameEngine e, Game g) {$/;"	m	class:GameThread
GameThread	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^public class GameThread extends Thread {$/;"	c
GlslProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public GlslProgram(OpenGl gl) {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
GlslProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^public class GlslProgram implements GpuProgram {$/;"	c
GlslShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public GlslShader(OpenGl gl) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
GlslShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public GlslShader(OpenGl gl, String fileName) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
GlslShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public GlslShader(OpenGl gl, Type type, InputStream is) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
GlslShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public GlslShader(OpenGl gl, Type type, InputStream is, String name) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
GlslShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^public class GlslShader implements Shader {$/;"	c
GpuProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^public interface GpuProgram {$/;"	i
INFO	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int INFO    = 3;$/;"	f	class:Log
INITIAL_BUFFER_SIZE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    protected static final int INITIAL_BUFFER_SIZE = 160; \/* works for 7-bit SMS *\/$/;"	f	class:Console
InputManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^public abstract class InputManager {$/;"	c
KeyEvent	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public KeyEvent(InputManager source, Object nativeEvent,$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
KeyEvent	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public KeyEvent(InputManager source, int keyCode,$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
KeyEvent	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^public class KeyEvent {$/;"	c
KeyListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyListener.java	/^public interface KeyListener {$/;"	i
Log	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^public class Log {$/;"	c
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink() {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink(File file) throws FileNotFoundException {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink(File file, int level) throws FileNotFoundException {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink(PrintStream s) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink(PrintStream s, int level) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public LogSink(int level) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
LogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^public class LogSink {$/;"	c
LwjglOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^public class LwjglOpenGl implements OpenGl {$/;"	c
Main	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\pc\Main.java	/^class Main {$/;"	c
Mesh	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    public Mesh(GameContext ctx, float[] vertices) {$/;"	m	class:Mesh
Mesh	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^public class Mesh implements FrameStartedListener {$/;"	c
OnChangedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    public interface OnChangedListener {$/;"	i	interface:Settings
OpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^public interface OpenGl {$/;"	i
OpenGles2Renderer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^public class OpenGles2Renderer implements GLSurfaceView.Renderer {$/;"	c
PathResourceLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\PathResourceLoader.java	/^public class PathResourceLoader implements ResourceLoader {$/;"	c
PcConfiguration	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^public class PcConfiguration {$/;"	c
PcDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public PcDisplay() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
PcDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public PcDisplay(String desired) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
PcDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^public class PcDisplay implements com.spidey01.sxe.core.Display {$/;"	c
PcInputManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcInputManager.java	/^    public PcInputManager() {$/;"	m	class:PcInputManager
PcInputManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcInputManager.java	/^public class PcInputManager extends InputManager {$/;"	c
RUNNING	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^        RUNNING,$/;"	e	enum:Game.State	file:
RateCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public RateCounter(String name) {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
RateCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public RateCounter(String name, boolean debug) {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
RateCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^public class RateCounter {$/;"	c
Resource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^public interface Resource {$/;"	i
ResourceLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceLoader.java	/^public interface ResourceLoader {$/;"	i
ResourceManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public ResourceManager() {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
ResourceManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^public class ResourceManager {$/;"	c
STARTING	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^        STARTING,$/;"	e	enum:Game.State	file:
STOPPING	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^        STOPPING,$/;"	e	enum:Game.State	file:
Settings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^public interface Settings {$/;"	i
SettingsFile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public SettingsFile(String name) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
SettingsFile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^public class SettingsFile implements Settings {$/;"	c
Shader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^public interface Shader {$/;"	i
ShaderFactory	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderFactory.java	/^public interface ShaderFactory<T extends Shader> {$/;"	i
ShaderResource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public ShaderResource(Type type, String fileName, ResourceLoader loader,$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
ShaderResource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^public class ShaderResource extends FileResource {$/;"	c
SnakeGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^public class SnakeGame$/;"	c
SnakeGameActivity	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^public class SnakeGameActivity extends GameActivity {$/;"	c
State	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public enum State {$/;"	g	class:Game
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidConfiguration.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "AndroidConfiguration";$/;"	f	class:AndroidConfiguration	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "AndroidDisplay";$/;"	f	class:AndroidDisplay	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "AndroidInputManager";$/;"	f	class:AndroidInputManager	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "AndroidLogSink";$/;"	f	class:AndroidLogSink	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "AndroidOpenGlEs";$/;"	f	class:AndroidOpenGlEs	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "AndroidSettings";$/;"	f	class:AndroidSettings	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "AssetLoader";$/;"	f	class:AssetLoader	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "GameActivity";$/;"	f	class:GameActivity	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "OpenGles2Renderer";$/;"	f	class:OpenGles2Renderer	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "C";$/;"	f	class:C	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Console";$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "ConsoleCommand";$/;"	f	class:ConsoleCommand	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "FileResource";$/;"	f	class:FileResource	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Game";$/;"	f	class:Game	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Context";$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "GameEngine";$/;"	f	class:GameEngine	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "GameThread";$/;"	f	class:GameThread	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "GlslProgram";$/;"	f	class:GlslProgram	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "GlslShader";$/;"	f	class:GlslShader	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "InputManager";$/;"	f	class:InputManager	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "KeyEvent";$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Log";$/;"	f	class:Log	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "LogSink";$/;"	f	class:LogSink	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Mesh";$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\PathResourceLoader.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "PathResourceLoader";$/;"	f	class:PathResourceLoader	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "RateCounter";$/;"	f	class:RateCounter	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "ResourceManager";$/;"	f	class:ResourceManager	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "SettingsFile";$/;"	f	class:SettingsFile	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "ShaderResource";$/;"	f	class:ShaderResource	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "Utils";$/;"	f	class:Utils	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "Variable";$/;"	f	class:Variable	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "VirtualFileSystemLoader";$/;"	f	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ZipResourceLoader.java	/^    private final static String TAG = "ZipResourceLoader";$/;"	f	class:ZipResourceLoader	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "LwjglopenGl";$/;"	f	class:LwjglOpenGl	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "PcConfiguration";$/;"	f	class:PcConfiguration	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "PcDisplay";$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcInputManager.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "PcInputManager";$/;"	f	class:PcInputManager	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "SnakeGameActivity";$/;"	f	class:SnakeGameActivity	file:
TAG	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "SnakeGame";$/;"	f	class:SnakeGame	file:
TEXT_FILE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^        TEXT_FILE,$/;"	e	enum:Resource.Type	file:
Type	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    public enum Type {$/;"	g	interface:Resource
Type	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    public enum Type {$/;"	g	interface:Shader
UNKNOWN	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^        UNKNOWN,$/;"	e	enum:Resource.Type	file:
Utils	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^public class Utils {$/;"	c
VALID_SYMBOLS	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public static final String VALID_SYMBOLS = $/;"	f	class:Console
VERBOSE	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int VERBOSE = 5;$/;"	f	class:Log
VERTEX	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^        VERTEX, FRAGMENT$/;"	e	enum:Shader.Type	file:
VERTEX_SHADER	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^        VERTEX_SHADER,$/;"	e	enum:Resource.Type	file:
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public Variable(String name) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public Variable(String name, String value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public Variable(String name, boolean value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public Variable(String name, float value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public Variable(String name, int value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
Variable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^public class Variable {$/;"	c
VirtualFileSystemLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    public VirtualFileSystemLoader(ResourceManager boss, String[] resourcePath) {$/;"	m	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader
VirtualFileSystemLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^public class VirtualFileSystemLoader implements ResourceLoader {$/;"	c
WARN	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static final int WARN    = 2;$/;"	f	class:Log
Xdg	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static class Xdg {$/;"	c	class:Utils
ZipResourceLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ZipResourceLoader.java	/^public class ZipResourceLoader implements ResourceLoader {$/;"	c
add	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void add(LogSink sink) {$/;"	m	class:Log
addChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public void addChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
addChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    void addChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
addChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public void addChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
addCommand	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void addCommand(ConsoleCommand command) {$/;"	m	class:Console
addFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
addFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void addFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
addFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void addFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
addFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
addFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
addFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void addFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
addFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void addFrameListener(FrameListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
addFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
addFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
addFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void addFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
addFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void addFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
addFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void addFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
addKeyListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    public void addKeyListener(KeyListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:InputManager
addKeyListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    public void addKeyListener(String keyName, KeyListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:InputManager
addShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public void addShader(Shader shader) {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
addShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    void addShader(Shader shader);$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
allowRepeating	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void allowRepeating(boolean repeating) {$/;"	m	class:Console
androidKeyCodeToString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    private String androidKeyCodeToString(int keyCode) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidInputManager	file:
booleanValue	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public boolean booleanValue() {$/;"	m	class:Variable
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidConfiguration.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Action.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameEndedListener.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameListener.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameStartedListener.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyListener.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\PathResourceLoader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceLoader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderFactory.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.core	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ZipResourceLoader.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.core;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.pc	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.pc;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.pc	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.pc;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.pc	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.pc;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.pc	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcInputManager.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.pc;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.android	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.android;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.lib	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.lib;$/;"	p
com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.pc	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\pc\Main.java	/^package com.spidey01.sxe.snakegame.pc;$/;"	p
compile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public boolean compile(String fileName) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
compile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public boolean compile(Type type, InputStream source) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
compile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    boolean compile(String fileName);$/;"	m	interface:Shader
compile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    boolean compile(Type type, InputStream source);$/;"	m	interface:Shader
contains	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public boolean contains(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
contains	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    boolean contains(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
contains	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public boolean contains(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
create	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public boolean create() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
create	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public boolean create();$/;"	m	interface:Display
create	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public boolean create() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
createByteBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public ByteBuffer createByteBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
createByteBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    ByteBuffer createByteBuffer(int size);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
createByteBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public ByteBuffer createByteBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
createDoubleBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public DoubleBuffer createDoubleBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
createDoubleBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    DoubleBuffer createDoubleBuffer(int size);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
createDoubleBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public DoubleBuffer createDoubleBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
createFloatBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public FloatBuffer createFloatBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
createFloatBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    FloatBuffer createFloatBuffer(int size);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
createFloatBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public FloatBuffer createFloatBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
createIntBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public IntBuffer createIntBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
createIntBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    IntBuffer createIntBuffer(int size);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
createIntBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public IntBuffer createIntBuffer(int size) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
d	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void d(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
d	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void d(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
destroy	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void destroy() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
destroy	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void destroy();$/;"	m	interface:Display
destroy	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void destroy() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
disableDebugging	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public void disableDebugging() {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
doCompile	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    protected boolean doCompile(String code) {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
e	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void e(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
e	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void e(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
enableDebugging	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public void enableDebugging() {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
equals	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^    public boolean equals(ConsoleCommand other) {$/;"	m	class:ConsoleCommand
equals	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public boolean equals(KeyEvent other) {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
execute	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Action.java	/^    void execute();$/;"	m	interface:Action
execute	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void execute(String line) {$/;"	m	class:Console
execute	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^    public void execute() {$/;"	m	class:ConsoleCommand
floatValue	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public float floatValue() {$/;"	m	class:Variable
frameEnded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void frameEnded() {$/;"	m	class:Console
frameEnded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameEndedListener.java	/^    public void frameEnded();$/;"	m	interface:FrameEndedListener
frameEnded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void frameEnded() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
frameStarted	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void frameStarted(OpenGl GL20) {$/;"	m	class:Console
frameStarted	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FrameStartedListener.java	/^    public void frameStarted(OpenGl GL20);$/;"	m	interface:FrameStartedListener
frameStarted	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    public void frameStarted(OpenGl GL20) {$/;"	m	class:Mesh
frameStarted	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void frameStarted(OpenGl GL20) {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
get	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static Object get(String what) {$/;"	m	class:C
get	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Resource get(String path) {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
get	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public String get() {$/;"	m	class:Variable
getAll	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Map<String, Object> getAll() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public boolean getBoolean(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    boolean getBoolean(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
getBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public boolean getBoolean(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
getCacheDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getCacheDir() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getCacheDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getCacheDir(String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getConfigDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getConfigDir(String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getConfigDirs	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String[] getConfigDirs() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getConfigHome	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getConfigHome() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getConfigHomeDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getConfigHomeDir(String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getConsole	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static Console getConsole() {$/;"	m	class:C
getConsole	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Console getConsole() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getDataDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getDataDir(String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getDataDirs	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String[] getDataDirs() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getDataHome	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getDataHome() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getDataHomeDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getDataHomeDir(String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static Display getDisplay() {$/;"	m	class:C
getDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Display getDisplay() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static GameEngine getEngine() {$/;"	m	class:C
getEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameEngine getEngine() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public String getFileName() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
getFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public String getFileName() {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
getFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    String getFileName();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
getFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    String getFileName();$/;"	m	interface:Shader
getFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public float getFloat(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    float getFloat(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
getFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public float getFloat(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
getGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static Game getGame() {$/;"	m	class:C
getGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Game getGame() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getGameContext	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    public GameContext getGameContext() {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine
getGameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^    public abstract GameEngine getGameEngine();$/;"	m	class:GameActivity
getGameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public GameEngine getGameEngine() {$/;"	m	class:Game
getGameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^    public GameEngine getGameEngine() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGameActivity
getInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public String getInfoLog() {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
getInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public String getInfoLog() {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
getInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    String getInfoLog();$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
getInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    String getInfoLog();$/;"	m	interface:Shader
getInput	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static InputManager getInput() {$/;"	m	class:C
getInput	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public InputManager getInput() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(File path)$/;"	m	class:AssetLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(String path)$/;"	m	class:AssetLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(String path, int mode)$/;"	m	class:AssetLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\PathResourceLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(File path)$/;"	m	class:PathResourceLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\PathResourceLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(String path)$/;"	m	class:PathResourceLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    InputStream getInputStream();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceLoader.java	/^    InputStream getInputStream(File path) throws IOException;$/;"	m	interface:ResourceLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceLoader.java	/^    InputStream getInputStream(String path) throws IOException;$/;"	m	interface:ResourceLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(File path)$/;"	m	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(String path)$/;"	m	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ZipResourceLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(File path)$/;"	m	class:ZipResourceLoader
getInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ZipResourceLoader.java	/^    public InputStream getInputStream(String path)$/;"	m	class:ZipResourceLoader
getInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public int getInt(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    int getInt(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
getInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public int getInt(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
getKeyCode	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public int getKeyCode() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
getKeyName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public String getKeyName() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
getLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public int getLevel(String tag) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
getLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public int getLevel(String tag) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
getLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public ResourceLoader getLoader() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
getLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    ResourceLoader getLoader();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
getLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public ResourceLoader getLoader(String path) {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
getLoaders	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Map<String, ResourceLoader> getLoaders() {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
getLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public long getLong(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    long getLong(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
getLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public long getLong(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
getMaxFpsRate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public int getMaxFpsRate() {$/;"	m	class:Game
getMaxTickRate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public int getMaxTickRate() {$/;"	m	class:Game
getName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Action.java	/^    String getName();$/;"	m	interface:Action
getName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	class:ConsoleCommand
getName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public abstract String getName();$/;"	m	class:Game
getName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
getName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
getNativeEvent	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public Object getNativeEvent() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
getObject	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public Object getObject() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
getObject	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    Object getObject();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
getObject	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public Object getObject() {$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
getOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public OpenGl getOpenGl() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
getOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public OpenGl getOpenGl();$/;"	m	interface:Display
getOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public OpenGl getOpenGl() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
getOpenGlVersion	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public String getOpenGlVersion() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
getOpt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Object getOpt(String name) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getOptions	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Map<String, Object> getOptions() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getPlatform	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public String getPlatform() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getPlatformArch	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public String getPlatformArch() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getPlatformVersion	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public String getPlatformVersion() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public int getProgram() {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
getProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    int getProgram();$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
getRepeatDelay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public int getRepeatDelay() {$/;"	m	class:Console
getResources	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static ResourceManager getResources() {$/;"	m	class:C
getResources	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public ResourceManager getResources() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getRuntimeDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        public static String getRuntimeDir() {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg
getSettings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public Settings getSettings() {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
getShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public int getShader() {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
getShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    int getShader();$/;"	m	interface:Shader
getShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public Shader getShader() {$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
getShaderResourceType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static Resource.Type getShaderResourceType(String fileName) {$/;"	m	class:Utils
getShaderType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static Shader.Type getShaderType(String fileName) {$/;"	m	class:Utils
getShaders	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public List<Shader> getShaders() {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
getShaders	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    List<Shader> getShaders();$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
getSource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public InputManager getSource() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
getString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public String getString(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
getString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    String getString(String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
getString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public String getString(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
getTickRate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public int getTickRate() {$/;"	m	class:Game
getTickRate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public int getTickRate() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
getType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    public Type getType() {$/;"	m	class:GlslShader
getType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Shader.java	/^    Type getType();$/;"	m	interface:Shader
getUserDir	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static String getUserDir() {$/;"	m	class:Utils
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glAttachShader(GpuProgram p, Shader s) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glAttachShader(int program, int shader) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glAttachShader(GpuProgram p, Shader s);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glAttachShader(int program, int shader);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glAttachShader(GpuProgram p, Shader s) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glAttachShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glAttachShader(int program, int shader) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glBindBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glBindBuffer(int target, int buffer) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glBindBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glBindBuffer(int target, int buffer);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glBindBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glBindBuffer(int target, int buffer) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, ByteBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, DoubleBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, FloatBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, IntBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glBufferData(int target, ByteBuffer data, int usage);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glBufferData(int target, DoubleBuffer data, int usage);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glBufferData(int target, FloatBuffer data, int usage);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glBufferData(int target, IntBuffer data, int usage);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, ByteBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, DoubleBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, FloatBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glBufferData	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glBufferData(int target, IntBuffer data, int usage) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glClear	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glClear(int mask) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glClear	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glClear(int mask);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glClear	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glClear(int mask) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glClearColor	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glClearColor(float red, float green, float blue, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glClearColor	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glClearColor(float red, float green, float blue, float alpha);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glClearColor	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glClearColor(float red, float green, float blue, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glCompileShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glCompileShader(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glCompileShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glCompileShader(int shader);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glCompileShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glCompileShader(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glCreateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public int glCreateProgram() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glCreateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    int glCreateProgram();$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glCreateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public int glCreateProgram() {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glCreateShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public int glCreateShader(int type) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glCreateShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    int glCreateShader(int type);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glCreateShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public int glCreateShader(int type) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glDeleteShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glDeleteShader(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glDeleteShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glDeleteShader(int shader);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glDeleteShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glDeleteShader(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glDisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glDisable(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glDisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glDisable(int cap);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glDisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glDisable(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glDisableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glDisableVertexAttribArray(int index) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glDisableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glDisableVertexAttribArray(int index);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glDisableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glDisableVertexAttribArray(int index) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glDrawArrays	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glDrawArrays(int mode, int first, int count) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glDrawArrays	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glDrawArrays(int mode, int first, int count);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glDrawArrays	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glDrawArrays(int mode, int first, int count) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glEnable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glEnable(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glEnable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glEnable(int cap);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glEnable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glEnable(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glEnableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glEnableVertexAttribArray(int index) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glEnableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glEnableVertexAttribArray(int index);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glEnableVertexAttribArray	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glEnableVertexAttribArray(int index) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGenBuffers	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glGenBuffers(IntBuffer buffers) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGenBuffers	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glGenBuffers(IntBuffer buffers);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGenBuffers	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glGenBuffers(IntBuffer buffers) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGetAttribLocation	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public int glGetAttribLocation(int program, String name) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGetAttribLocation	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    int glGetAttribLocation(int program, String name);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGetAttribLocation	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public int glGetAttribLocation(int program, String name) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGetProgramInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public String glGetProgramInfoLog(int program) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGetProgramInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    String glGetProgramInfoLog(int program);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGetProgramInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public String glGetProgramInfoLog(int program) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGetProgramiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public int glGetProgramiv(int program, int pname) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGetProgramiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    int glGetProgramiv(int program, int pname);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGetProgramiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public int glGetProgramiv(int program, int pname) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGetShaderInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public String glGetShaderInfoLog(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGetShaderInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    String glGetShaderInfoLog(int shader);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGetShaderInfoLog	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public String glGetShaderInfoLog(int shader) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glGetShaderiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public int glGetShaderiv(int shader, int pname) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glGetShaderiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    int glGetShaderiv(int shader, int pname);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glGetShaderiv	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public int glGetShaderiv(int shader, int pname) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glLinkProgram(GpuProgram p) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glLinkProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glLinkProgram(GpuProgram p);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glLinkProgram(int program);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glLinkProgram(GpuProgram p) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glLinkProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glLinkProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glShaderSource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glShaderSource(int shader, String source) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glShaderSource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glShaderSource(int shader, String source);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glShaderSource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glShaderSource(int shader, String source) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glUseProgram(GpuProgram program) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glUseProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glUseProgram(GpuProgram program);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glUseProgram(int program);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glUseProgram(GpuProgram program) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glUseProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glUseProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glValidateProgram(GpuProgram p) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glValidateProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glValidateProgram(GpuProgram p);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glValidateProgram(int program);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glValidateProgram(GpuProgram p) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glValidateProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glValidateProgram(int program) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glVertexAttribPointer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glVertexAttribPointer(int index, int size, int type,$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glVertexAttribPointer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glVertexAttribPointer(int indx, int size, int type, boolean normalized, int stride, int offset);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glVertexAttribPointer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glVertexAttribPointer(int index, int size, int type, boolean normalized, int stride, int offset) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
glViewport	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    public void glViewport(int x, int y, int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs
glViewport	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\OpenGl.java	/^    void glViewport(int x, int y, int width, int height);$/;"	m	interface:OpenGl
glViewport	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    public void glViewport(int x, int y, int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl
i	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void i(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
i	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void i(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
initialize	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    public void initialize(final OpenGl GL20) {$/;"	m	class:Mesh
intValue	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public int intValue() {$/;"	m	class:Variable
isCloseRequested	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public boolean isCloseRequested() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
isCloseRequested	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public boolean isCloseRequested();$/;"	m	interface:Display
isCloseRequested	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public boolean isCloseRequested() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
isDebuggingEnabled	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public boolean isDebuggingEnabled() {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
isKeyDown	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public boolean isKeyDown() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
isKeyUp	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public boolean isKeyUp() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
isLoaded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public boolean isLoaded() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
isLoaded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    boolean isLoaded();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
isLoaded	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public boolean isLoaded() {$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
isLoggable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public boolean isLoggable(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
isLoggable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static boolean isLoggable(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:Log
isLoggable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public boolean isLoggable(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
isStopRequested	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public boolean isStopRequested() {$/;"	m	class:Game
isStopped	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public boolean isStopped() {$/;"	m	class:Game
isVisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public boolean isVisable() {$/;"	m	class:Console
keys	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public String[] keys() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
keys	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    String[] keys();$/;"	m	interface:Settings
keys	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public String[] keys() {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
link	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public boolean link() {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
link	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    boolean link();$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public boolean load() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    boolean load();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Resource load(File path) {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Resource load(String path) {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Resource load(String path, OpenGl gl, Class<? extends Shader> shaderImplClass)$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public Resource load(String path, ShaderFactory<? extends Shader> factory)$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
load	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public boolean load() {$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
log	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public void log(int level, String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
log	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public void log(int level, String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
logit	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    private static void logit(int level, String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log	file:
mAssetManager	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AssetLoader.java	/^    private AssetManager mAssetManager;$/;"	f	class:AssetLoader	file:
mBuffer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private StringBuilder mBuffer = new StringBuilder(INITIAL_BUFFER_SIZE);$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mCommands	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private Map<String,ConsoleCommand> mCommands = new HashMap<String,ConsoleCommand>();$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mConsole	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private Console mConsole;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mConsole	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    private Console mConsole;$/;"	f	class:SnakeGame	file:
mCoord2d	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private int mCoord2d = -1;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mCtx	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    protected GameContext mCtx;$/;"	f	class:GameEngine
mCtx	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private GameContext mCtx;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mDebuggingEnabled	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    private boolean mDebuggingEnabled;$/;"	f	class:RateCounter	file:
mDefaultLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    protected int mDefaultLevel = DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL;$/;"	f	class:LogSink
mDefaultLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    private ResourceLoader mDefaultLoader;$/;"	f	class:ResourceManager	file:
mDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private Display mDisplay;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mDisplayMode	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private DisplayMode mDisplayMode = new DisplayMode(640, 480);$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
mEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private GameEngine mEngine;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^    protected GameEngine mEngine;$/;"	f	class:GameThread
mEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^    protected GameEngine mEngine;$/;"	f	class:SnakeGameActivity
mFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    protected final String mFileName;$/;"	f	class:FileResource
mFileName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    protected String mFileName = null;$/;"	f	class:GlslShader
mFilters	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    protected HashMap<String, Integer> mFilters = new HashMap<String, Integer>();$/;"	f	class:LogSink
mFrameCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    private RateCounter mFrameCounter = new RateCounter("Frames");$/;"	f	class:OpenGles2Renderer	file:
mFrameCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private RateCounter mFrameCounter = new RateCounter("Frames");$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
mFrameEndedListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    private List<FrameEndedListener> mFrameEndedListeners = new ArrayList<FrameEndedListener>();$/;"	f	class:OpenGles2Renderer	file:
mFrameEndedListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private List<FrameEndedListener> mFrameEndedListeners = new ArrayList<FrameEndedListener>();$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
mFrameStartedListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    private List<FrameStartedListener> mFrameStartedListeners = new ArrayList<FrameStartedListener>();$/;"	f	class:OpenGles2Renderer	file:
mFrameStartedListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private List<FrameStartedListener> mFrameStartedListeners = new ArrayList<FrameStartedListener>();$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
mGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private Game mGame;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^    protected Game mGame;$/;"	f	class:GameThread
mGameEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    protected GameEngine mGameEngine;$/;"	f	class:Game
mGameThread	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    protected GameThread mGameThread;$/;"	f	class:GameEngine
mGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    protected OpenGl mGl;$/;"	f	class:GlslShader
mHandleRepeat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private boolean mHandleRepeat = true;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mInitialized	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private boolean mInitialized = false;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mInput	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private InputManager mInput;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mInputStream	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    protected InputStream mInputStream;$/;"	f	class:FileResource
mIsDown	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private final boolean mIsDown;$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
mKeyBroadcastReceivers	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    protected List<KeyListener> mKeyBroadcastReceivers =$/;"	f	class:InputManager
mKeyCode	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private final int mKeyCode;$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
mKeyListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    protected Map<String, List<KeyListener>> mKeyListeners =$/;"	f	class:InputManager
mKeyName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private final String mKeyName;$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
mLastKeyEvent	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private KeyEvent mLastKeyEvent = null;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    private List<Settings.OnChangedListener> mListeners =$/;"	f	class:AndroidSettings	file:
mListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    private List<Settings.OnChangedListener> mListeners =$/;"	f	class:SettingsFile	file:
mLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    protected final ResourceLoader mLoader;$/;"	f	class:FileResource
mLoaders	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    private Map<String, ResourceLoader> mLoaders = new HashMap<String, ResourceLoader>();$/;"	f	class:ResourceManager	file:
mMaxTickRate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    private static final int mMaxTickRate = 250;$/;"	f	class:Game	file:
mName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ConsoleCommand.java	/^    private String mName = "";$/;"	f	class:ConsoleCommand	file:
mName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    private String mName;$/;"	f	class:RateCounter	file:
mName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    private final String mName;$/;"	f	class:SettingsFile	file:
mName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    private String mName;$/;"	f	class:Variable	file:
mNative	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private Object mNative;$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
mOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    private OpenGl mOpenGl;$/;"	f	class:AndroidDisplay	file:
mOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    private OpenGl mOpenGl;$/;"	f	class:GlslProgram	file:
mOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    private final OpenGl mOpenGl;$/;"	f	class:ShaderResource	file:
mOpenGl	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private OpenGl mOpenGl;$/;"	f	class:PcDisplay	file:
mOptions	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private Map<String, Object> mOptions;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mOutput	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    private PrintStream mOutput;$/;"	f	class:LogSink	file:
mPerSecond	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    private long mPerSecond;$/;"	f	class:RateCounter	file:
mPlatformArch	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private String mPlatformArch = System.getProperty("os.arch");$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mPlatformName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private String mPlatformName;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mPlatformVersion	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private String mPlatformVersion = System.getProperty("os.name")+" "+System.getProperty("os.version");$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mPrefs	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    private SharedPreferences mPrefs = null;$/;"	f	class:AndroidSettings	file:
mProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    private int mProgram;$/;"	f	class:GlslProgram	file:
mProgram	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private GpuProgram mProgram;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mProps	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    private static HashMap<String, Object> mProps = new HashMap<String, Object>();$/;"	f	class:C	file:
mProps	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    private Properties mProps = new Properties();$/;"	f	class:SettingsFile	file:
mRenderer	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    private OpenGles2Renderer mRenderer = new OpenGles2Renderer();$/;"	f	class:AndroidDisplay	file:
mRepeatCount	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private long mRepeatCount = 0;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mRepeatDelay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private int mRepeatDelay = DEFAULT_REPEAT_DELAY;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mRes	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    private final ResourceManager mRes;$/;"	f	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader	file:
mResourcePath	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\VirtualFileSystemLoader.java	/^    private String[] mResourcePath;$/;"	f	class:VirtualFileSystemLoader	file:
mResources	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private ResourceManager mResources;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mResources	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    private Map<String, Resource> mResources = new HashMap<String, Resource>();$/;"	f	class:ResourceManager	file:
mSettings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    private Settings mSettings;$/;"	f	class:GameContext	file:
mShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    protected int mShader = -1;$/;"	f	class:GlslShader
mShader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    private Shader mShader;$/;"	f	class:ShaderResource	file:
mShaderClass	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    private final Class<? extends Shader> mShaderClass;$/;"	f	class:ShaderResource	file:
mShaderFactory	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    private final ShaderFactory<? extends Shader> mShaderFactory;$/;"	f	class:ShaderResource	file:
mShaders	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    private List<Shader> mShaders = new LinkedList();$/;"	f	class:GlslProgram	file:
mSinks	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    private static List<LogSink> mSinks = new LinkedList<LogSink>();$/;"	f	class:Log	file:
mSource	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    private InputManager mSource;$/;"	f	class:KeyEvent	file:
mState	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    protected State mState;$/;"	f	class:Game
mStopDone	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    private boolean mStopDone = false;$/;"	f	class:Game	file:
mStopRequested	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    private volatile boolean mStopRequested;$/;"	f	class:Game	file:
mTickCounter	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    private RateCounter mTickCounter = new RateCounter("Ticks");$/;"	f	class:Game	file:
mToggleKey	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private String mToggleKey = DEFAULT_TOGGLE_KEY ;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mTriangle	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    private Mesh mTriangle;$/;"	f	class:SnakeGame	file:
mType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    protected final Type mType;$/;"	f	class:FileResource
mType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslShader.java	/^    protected Type mType;$/;"	f	class:GlslShader
mVBO	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private IntBuffer mVBO;;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mValue	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    private String mValue;$/;"	f	class:Variable	file:
mVertices	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Mesh.java	/^    private float[] mVertices;$/;"	f	class:Mesh	file:
mVisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    private boolean mVisable = false;$/;"	f	class:Console	file:
mWidget	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    private AndroidDisplay mWidget;$/;"	f	class:AndroidInputManager	file:
main	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\pc\Main.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) {$/;"	m	class:Main
mainLoop	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    public void mainLoop() {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine
make	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderFactory.java	/^    public Shader make(Shader.Type type, InputStream is, final String path);$/;"	m	interface:ShaderFactory
makeBufferedReader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static BufferedReader makeBufferedReader(InputStream in) {$/;"	m	class:Utils
makeLogSink	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    private void makeLogSink(String top) {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine	file:
ms	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    private long ms;$/;"	f	class:RateCounter	file:
notifyKeyListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    public void notifyKeyListeners(KeyEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:InputManager
notifyListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    private void notifyListeners(String key) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings	file:
notifyListeners	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    private void notifyListeners(String key) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile	file:
onChanged	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^        void onChanged(Settings settings, String key);$/;"	m	interface:Settings.OnChangedListener
onCreate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:GameActivity
onCreate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\android\SnakeGameActivity.java	/^    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGameActivity
onDestroy	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\GameActivity.java	/^    protected void onDestroy() {$/;"	m	class:GameActivity
onDrawFrame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void onDrawFrame(GL10 unused) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
onKey	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public boolean onKey(KeyEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:Console
onKey	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyListener.java	/^    boolean onKey(KeyEvent event);$/;"	m	interface:KeyListener
onKey	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public boolean onKey(KeyEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
onSurfaceChanged	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void onSurfaceChanged(GL10 unused, int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
onSurfaceCreated	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void onSurfaceCreated(GL10 unused, EGLConfig config) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
pick	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^        private static String pick(String[] dirs, String relative) {$/;"	m	class:Utils.Xdg	file:
poll	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    public void poll() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidInputManager
poll	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\InputManager.java	/^    public void poll() {$/;"	m	class:InputManager
poll	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcInputManager.java	/^    public void poll() {$/;"	m	class:PcInputManager
put	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\C.java	/^    public static Object put(String what, Object value) {$/;"	m	class:C
rand	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    private static Random rand = new Random();$/;"	f	class:SnakeGame	file:
remove	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void remove(LogSink sink) {$/;"	m	class:Log
removeChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public void removeChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
removeChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    void removeChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
removeChangeListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public void removeChangeListener(OnChangedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
removeCommand	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void removeCommand(ConsoleCommand command) {$/;"	m	class:Console
removeCommand	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void removeCommand(String command) {$/;"	m	class:Console
removeFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
removeFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void removeFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
removeFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void removeFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
removeFrameEndedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameEndedListener(FrameEndedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
removeFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
removeFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void removeFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
removeFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void removeFrameListener(FrameListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
removeFrameListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameListener(FrameListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
removeFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
removeFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\OpenGles2Renderer.java	/^    public void removeFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:OpenGles2Renderer
removeFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void removeFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener);$/;"	m	interface:Display
removeFrameStartedListener	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void removeFrameStartedListener(FrameStartedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
removeOpt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public void removeOpt(String name) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
repeatingAllowed	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public boolean repeatingAllowed() {$/;"	m	class:Console
requestStop	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public void requestStop() {$/;"	m	class:Game
resourceTypeToShaderType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static Shader.Type resourceTypeToShaderType(Resource.Type type) {$/;"	m	class:Utils
run	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameThread.java	/^    public void run() {$/;"	m	class:GameThread
save	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    boolean save() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
save	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    boolean save();$/;"	m	interface:Settings
save	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public boolean save() {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
set	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public void set(String value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
set	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public void set(boolean value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
set	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public void set(float value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
set	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public void set(int value) {$/;"	m	class:Variable
setBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Settings setBoolean(String key, boolean value) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
setBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    Settings setBoolean(String key, boolean value);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
setBoolean	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public Settings setBoolean(String key, boolean value) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
setConsole	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setConsole(Console value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setDisplay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setDisplay(Display value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setEngine	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setEngine(GameEngine value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Settings setFloat(String key, float value) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
setFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    Settings setFloat(String key, float value);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
setFloat	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public Settings setFloat(String key, float value) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
setGame	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setGame(Game value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setInput	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setInput(InputManager value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Settings setInt(String key, int value) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
setInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    Settings setInt(String key, int value);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
setInt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public Settings setInt(String key, int value) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
setLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidLogSink.java	/^    public void setLevel(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidLogSink
setLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void setLevel(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:Log
setLevel	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    public void setLevel(String tag, int level) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink
setLoader	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ResourceManager.java	/^    public ResourceLoader setLoader(String container, ResourceLoader loader) {$/;"	m	class:ResourceManager
setLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Settings setLong(String key, long value) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
setLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    Settings setLong(String key, long value);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
setLong	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public Settings setLong(String key, long value) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
setMode	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    private boolean setMode(DisplayMode mode) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay	file:
setMode	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public boolean setMode(String mode) {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
setOpt	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public void setOpt(String name, Object o) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setOptions	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setOptions(Map<String, Object> value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setPlatform	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setPlatform(String value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setPlatformArch	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setPlatformArch(String value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setPlatformVersion	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setPlatformVersion(String value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setRepeatDelay	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void setRepeatDelay(int count) {$/;"	m	class:Console
setResources	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setResources(ResourceManager value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setSettings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameContext.java	/^    public GameContext setSettings(Settings value) {$/;"	m	class:GameContext
setString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidSettings.java	/^    public Settings setString(String key, String value) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidSettings
setString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Settings.java	/^    Settings setString(String key, String value);$/;"	m	interface:Settings
setString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\SettingsFile.java	/^    public Settings setString(String key, String value) {$/;"	m	class:SettingsFile
setVisable	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Console.java	/^    public void setVisable(boolean visable) {$/;"	m	class:Console
settings	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^    public static Settings settings(Game game) {$/;"	m	class:PcConfiguration
setup	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidConfiguration.java	/^    public static GameEngine setup(Game game, Context context) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidConfiguration
setup	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^    public static GameEngine setup(Game game) {$/;"	m	class:PcConfiguration
setup	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcConfiguration.java	/^    public static GameEngine setup(Game game, String displayMode) {$/;"	m	class:PcConfiguration
setupConsoleCommands	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void setupConsoleCommands() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
setupControls	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void setupControls() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
setupLogging	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    private void setupLogging() {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine	file:
shaderFromClass	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\ShaderResource.java	/^    public Shader shaderFromClass(Class<? extends Shader> shaderClass)$/;"	m	class:ShaderResource
shaderTypeToResourceType	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static Resource.Type shaderTypeToResourceType(Shader.Type type) {$/;"	m	class:Utils
slurp	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static String slurp(BufferedReader source) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Utils
slurp	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static String slurp(File source) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Utils
slurp	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static String slurp(InputStream source) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Utils
slurp	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Utils.java	/^    public static String slurp(String path) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Utils
start	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public boolean start(GameEngine engine) {$/;"	m	class:Game
start	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    public boolean start() {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine
start	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public boolean start(GameEngine engine) {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
stop	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public void stop() {$/;"	m	class:Game
stop	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GameEngine.java	/^    public void stop() {$/;"	m	class:GameEngine
stop	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void stop() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
t	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidOpenGlEs.java	/^    private static int t(int konst) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidOpenGlEs	file:
t	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\LwjglOpenGl.java	/^    private static int t(int konst) {$/;"	m	class:LwjglOpenGl	file:
tick	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Game.java	/^    public void tick() {$/;"	m	class:Game
tick	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\snakegame\lib\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\snakegame\lib\SnakeGame.java	/^    public void tick() {$/;"	m	class:SnakeGame
toString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\KeyEvent.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	class:KeyEvent
toString	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Variable.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	class:Variable
translate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\LogSink.java	/^    private static String translate(int level) {$/;"	m	class:LogSink	file:
translateKeyName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    protected String translateKeyName(String keyName) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidInputManager
translateKeyName	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidInputManager.java	/^    protected String translateKeyName(int keyCode) {$/;"	m	class:AndroidInputManager
unload	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\FileResource.java	/^    public boolean unload() {$/;"	m	class:FileResource
unload	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Resource.java	/^    boolean unload();$/;"	m	interface:Resource
update	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\android\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\android\AndroidDisplay.java	/^    public void update() {$/;"	m	class:AndroidDisplay
update	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Display.java	/^    public void update();$/;"	m	interface:Display
update	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\RateCounter.java	/^    public void update() {$/;"	m	class:RateCounter
update	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\pc\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\pc\PcDisplay.java	/^    public void update() {$/;"	m	class:PcDisplay
v	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void v(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
v	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void v(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
validate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GlslProgram.java	/^    public boolean validate() {$/;"	m	class:GlslProgram
validate	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\GpuProgram.java	/^    boolean validate();$/;"	m	interface:GpuProgram
w	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void w(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
w	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void w(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
wtf	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void wtf(String tag, String message) {$/;"	m	class:Log
wtf	C:\Users\terry\Programs\workspace\sxe\core\src\main\java\com\spidey01\sxe\core\Log.java	/^    public static void wtf(String tag, String message, Throwable tr) {$/;"	m	class:Log
